Feat/conf file support (#39)
espressif/idf-build-apps: docs/config_file.md

# Configuration File

There are a lot of CLI options available for `idf-build-apps`. These configuration items provide usage flexibility, but also make the CLI command too long to read.

Now with configuration file support, we could easily declare the configuration items, in a more maintainable way.

## Quickstart

```toml
[default]
paths = [
    "components",
    "examples",
]
target = "esp32"
recursive = true

# config rules
config = [
    "sdkconfig.*=",
    "=default",
]

# build related options
build_dir = "build_@t_@w"
```

> Run `idf-build-apps build` with this configuration file is equivalent to the CLI command `idf-build-app build --paths components examples --target esp32 --recursive --config "sdkconfig.*=" --config "=default" --build-dir "build_@t_@w"` without it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `idf-build-apps build` with this configuration file is equivalent to the following CLI command:

  idf-build-app build \
    --paths components examples \
    --target esp32 \
    --recursive \
    --config "sdkconfig.*=" --config "=default" \
    --build-dir "build_@t_@w"
```

The configuration file is a [TOML][toml] file. [TOML][toml] is a configuration file language that is widely used in Python. The native support in the standard library for [TOML][toml] is added in python 3.11.

The configuration items declared in the configuration file are almost the same as the CLI options. Only need to mention a few key points:

> 1. The name of the configuration item is different. Please replace all dashes `-` to underscores `_`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Option names in TOML files use underscores `_`, whereas option names in the CLI use hyphens `-`.
```

> 2. [TOML][toml] has native types. Use the same type as the CLI options ones.

Reviewer: This one is a bit unclear; how to find the "type" of the option in the CLI?

## Usage

> By default, the `.idf-build-apps.toml` file under your current path will be considered as the root configuration file, and the table `default` will be considered as the default table of the toml file. ("[table][toml-table]" is a term in toml file)

Reviewer: Nitpick: capitalize TOML everywhere, except if it is a python package name (`toml`)

To pass custom values, you may call `--config-file <config file path> --config-table <table name>`.

> It's very handy when you're setting up different configurations in CI and in your local dev environment.

Reviewer: FWIW, if you are setting up a configuration for your local dev environment, you would probably just create a different TOML file, to avoid accidentally committing local changes to the config file checked into Git...

Author: :man_facepalming: I agree. it's a bad use case.
